feat: add healthreport json to webapi template (#589)
arcus-azure/arcus.templates: docs/preview/features/web-api-template.md

As part of this template the following HTTP header(s) are removed for security sake:
* `Server` header * Provides information concerning the Web API runtime

The OpenAPI documentation is available by-default. Be careful of exposing sensitive information with the OpenAPI documentation, only expose what's necessary and hide everything else.

### Health

A default health controller is available that exposes the configured health checks as an aggregated health report. 
For more information on application health, see [Microsoft's documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks).

> The controller doesn't directly exposes Microsoft's `HealthReport` model but uses a custom `HealthReportJson` operation model which eliminates the exception details from the original report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller doesn't directly exposes Microsoft's `HealthReport` model but uses a custom `ApiHealthReport`  model which eliminates the exception details from the original report.
```

Author: Ah, yes, good catch!
